README.md, before:

<h2 align="center">
  Hi there! I'm <a href="https://github.com/ismaildev7">Muhammad Ismail</a>
  <img src="https://github.com/TheDudeThatCode/TheDudeThatCode/blob/master/Assets/Hi.gif" width="29" alt="Waving">
</h2>
<p align="center">Software Engineer 💻</p>

## 📖 About Me

- 🔭 I’m currently working on **NestJS / MERN Stack / TypeScript**
- 🌱 I’m currently learning **Docker / AWS**
- 🎓 Studied Computer Science at Fast National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences
- ❤️ I’m looking to collaborate on open source projects
- 💬 Ask me about **React, Express, NestJS, Python, Docker**

## ⚙ Tech Stack

- 💻
  ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-333333?style=flat&logo=javascript)
  ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-333333?style=flat&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
  ![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-333333?style=flat&logo=node.js)
  ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-333333?style=flat&logo=python)
- 🎨
  ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-333333?style=flat&logo=react)
  ![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/next.js-333333?style=flat&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)
  ![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Express-333333?style=flat&logo=express)
  ![NestJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-NestJs-red?style=flat&logo=nestjs)
  ![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Django-008000?style=flat&logo=django)
  ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-tailwindcss-38B2AC?style=flat&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
  ![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS-333333?style=flat&logo=CSS3&logoColor=1572B6)
  ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Bootstrap-333333?style=flat&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=563D7C)
- 🛢
  ![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PostgreSQL-333333?style=flat&logo=postgresql)
  ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-333333?style=flat&logo=mongodb)
- 🐳
  ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-333333?style=flat&logo=docker)
- 📝
  ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-333333?style=flat&logo=git)
  ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-333333?style=flat&logo=github)
  ![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Markdown-333333?style=flat&logo=markdown)
- ⌨️
  ![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Visual%20Studio%20Code-333333?style=flat&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=007ACC)

## 📈 My GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ismaildev7&show_icons=true&theme=radical&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true" alt="GitHub Stats" />
</p>

## 🤝🏻 Connect with Me

<p>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ismaildev7" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Muhammad%20Ismail-blue?style=flat-square&logo=LinkedIn" alt="LinkedIn">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/ismaildev7" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-0A0A0A?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="GitHub">
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:muhammadismaildev@gmail.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-FFF?style=flat-square&logo=gmail&logoColor=red" alt="Gmail">
  </a>
</p>

Commit message:

Revise education details and clean up README
Updated educational background and removed GitHub stats section.

README.md, after:

<h2 align="center">
  Hi there! I'm <a href="https://github.com/ismaildev7">Muhammad Ismail</a>
  <img src="https://github.com/TheDudeThatCode/TheDudeThatCode/blob/master/Assets/Hi.gif" width="29" alt="Waving">
</h2>
<p align="center">Software Engineer 💻</p>

## 📖 About Me

- 🔭 I’m currently working on **NestJS / MERN Stack / TypeScript**
- 🌱 I’m currently learning **Docker / AWS**
- 🎓 Master’s student in Data Science at UHasselt, Belgium 🇧🇪
- 🎓 Studied a Bachelor’s in Computer Science at Fast National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences
- ❤️ I’m looking to collaborate on open source projects
- 💬 Ask me about **React, Express, NestJS, Python, Docker**

## ⚙ Tech Stack

- 💻
  ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-333333?style=flat&logo=javascript)
  ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-333333?style=flat&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
  ![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-333333?style=flat&logo=node.js)
  ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-333333?style=flat&logo=python)
- 🎨
  ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-333333?style=flat&logo=react)
  ![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/next.js-333333?style=flat&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)
  ![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Express-333333?style=flat&logo=express)
  ![NestJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-NestJs-red?style=flat&logo=nestjs)
  ![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Django-008000?style=flat&logo=django)
  ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-tailwindcss-38B2AC?style=flat&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
  ![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS-333333?style=flat&logo=CSS3&logoColor=1572B6)
  ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Bootstrap-333333?style=flat&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=563D7C)
- 🛢
  ![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PostgreSQL-333333?style=flat&logo=postgresql)
  ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-333333?style=flat&logo=mongodb)
- 🐳
  ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-333333?style=flat&logo=docker)
- 📝
  ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-333333?style=flat&logo=git)
  ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-333333?style=flat&logo=github)
  ![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Markdown-333333?style=flat&logo=markdown)
- ⌨️
  ![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Visual%20Studio%20Code-333333?style=flat&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=007ACC)

## 🤝🏻 Connect with Me

<p>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ismaildev7" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Muhammad%20Ismail-blue?style=flat-square&logo=LinkedIn" alt="LinkedIn">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/ismaildev7" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-0A0A0A?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="GitHub">
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:muhammadismaildev@gmail.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-FFF?style=flat-square&logo=gmail&logoColor=red" alt="Gmail">
  </a>
</p>
